   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    xml/theta.xml
name:                    theta.2
run sets:                SV-COMP25_no-overflow.NoOverflows-Main
date:                    Thu, 2025-02-27 11:45:26 UTC
tool:                    Theta 6.11.2
tool executable:         ./EmergenTheta/theta-start.sh
options:                 --svcomp --portfolio BOUNDED --loglevel RESULT
resource limits:
- time:                  40 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az1074-862
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1021-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         3244.211 MHz
ram:                     16766.767104 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP25_unreach-call
Run set 1 of 6: skipped


SV-COMP25_no-data-race
Run set 2 of 6: skipped


SV-COMP25_valid-memcleanup
Run set 3 of 6: skipped


SV-COMP25_valid-memsafety
Run set 4 of 6: skipped


SV-COMP25_no-overflow.NoOverflows-Main
Run set 5 of 6 with options '--svcomp --portfolio BOUNDED --loglevel RESULT' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                        status                       cpu time   wall time        host
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
array-examples/data_structures_set_multi_proc_trivial_ground.yml                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.32        5.07        None
array-examples/sanfoundry_24-1.yml                                                                                                                               ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.66        1.66        None
array-examples/sanfoundry_27_ground.yml                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.56        1.57        None
array-examples/sorting_bubblesort_2_ground.yml                                                                                                                   ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.79        1.76        None
array-examples/sorting_bubblesort_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                   ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.60        1.63        None
array-examples/sorting_bubblesort_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                   ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.54        1.59        None
array-examples/standard_compareModified_ground.yml                                                                                                               ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.57        1.59        None
array-examples/standard_compare_ground.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.56        1.55        None
array-examples/standard_copy1_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.52        1.53        None
array-examples/standard_copy1_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.50        1.54        None
array-examples/standard_copyInit_ground.yml                                                                                                                      ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.67        1.65        None
array-examples/standard_find_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                        ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.57        1.55        None
array-examples/standard_init1_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.43        1.72        None
array-examples/standard_init1_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.50        1.58        None
array-examples/standard_init2_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.54        1.58        None
array-examples/standard_init2_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.56        1.55        None
array-examples/standard_init3_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.53        1.55        None
array-examples/standard_init3_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.57        1.56        None
array-examples/standard_init4_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.56        1.57        None
array-examples/standard_init4_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.47        1.55        None
array-examples/standard_init5_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.58        1.60        None
array-examples/standard_init5_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.52        1.59        None
array-examples/standard_init6_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.65        1.58        None
array-examples/standard_init6_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.72        1.64        None
array-examples/standard_init7_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.69        1.65        None
array-examples/standard_init7_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.63        1.59        None
array-examples/standard_init8_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.55        1.55        None
array-examples/standard_init8_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.49        1.58        None
array-examples/standard_init9_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.74        1.68        None
array-examples/standard_init9_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.59        1.53        None
array-examples/standard_maxInArray_ground.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.52        1.56        None
array-examples/standard_minInArray_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                  ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.52        1.56        None
array-examples/standard_minInArray_ground-2.yml                                                                                                                  ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.57        1.57        None
array-examples/standard_palindrome_ground.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.57        1.61        None
array-examples/standard_password_ground.yml                                                                                                                      ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.54        1.60        None
array-examples/standard_reverse_ground.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.53        1.53        None
array-examples/standard_running-1.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.47        1.51        None
array-examples/standard_running-2.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.66        1.61        None
array-examples/standard_strcmp_ground.yml                                                                                                                        ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.51        1.59        None
array-examples/standard_strcpy_ground-1.yml                                                                                                                      ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.76        1.66        None
array-examples/standard_strcpy_original-2.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.92        2.14        None
array-industry-pattern/array_assert_loop_dep.yml                                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.60        1.62        None
array-industry-pattern/array_monotonic.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.42        1.49        None
array-industry-pattern/array_of_struct_break.yml                                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.48        1.53        None
array-industry-pattern/array_of_struct_loop_dep.yml                                                                                                              ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.58        1.56        None
array-industry-pattern/array_of_struct_ptr_cond_init.yml                                                                                                         ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.53        1.56        None
array-industry-pattern/array_of_struct_ptr_flag_init.yml                                                                                                         ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.55        1.54        None
array-industry-pattern/array_of_struct_ptr_monotonic.yml                                                                                                         ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.66        1.65        None
array-industry-pattern/array_of_struct_single_elem_init.yml                                                                                                      ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.53        1.62        None
array-industry-pattern/array_ptr_partial_init.yml                                                                                                                ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.63        1.64        None
array-industry-pattern/array_ptr_single_elem_init-1.yml                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.61        1.57        None
array-industry-pattern/array_ptr_single_elem_init-2.yml                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.66        1.64        None
array-industry-pattern/array_range_init.yml                                                                                                                      ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.55        1.57        None
array-industry-pattern/array_single_elem_init.yml                                                                                                                ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.68        1.62        None
reducercommutativity/max.yml                                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.62        1.64        None
reducercommutativity/max05-1.yml                                                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.59        1.55        None
reducercommutativity/max10-1.yml                                                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.65        1.61        None
reducercommutativity/max20-1.yml                                                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.58        1.57        None
reducercommutativity/max40-1.yml                                                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.65        1.65        None
reducercommutativity/max60-2.yml                                                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.74        1.64        None
reducercommutativity/sep05-1.yml                                                                                                                                 ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.55        1.53        None
array-tiling/mbpr2.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.67        1.65        None
array-tiling/mbpr3.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.75        1.80        None
array-tiling/mbpr4.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.52        1.74        None
array-tiling/mbpr5.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.76        1.81        None
array-tiling/mlceu.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.59        1.62        None
array-tiling/mlceu2.yml                                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.58        1.57        None
array-tiling/nr2.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.58        1.57        None
array-tiling/nr3.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.48        1.55        None
array-tiling/nr4.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.56        1.58        None
array-tiling/nr5.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.54        1.63        None
array-tiling/pnr2.yml                                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.63        1.64        None
array-tiling/pnr3.yml                                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.77        1.67        None
array-tiling/pnr4.yml                                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.65        1.64        None
array-tiling/pnr5.yml                                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.80        1.69        None
array-tiling/poly1.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.53        1.57        None
array-tiling/pr2.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.52        1.56        None
array-tiling/pr3.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.63        1.59        None
array-tiling/pr4.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.64        1.62        None
array-tiling/pr5.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.75        1.64        None
array-tiling/revcpyswp2.yml                                                                                                                                      ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.66        1.63        None
array-tiling/rew.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.35        1.69        None
array-tiling/rewnif.yml                                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.58        1.58        None
array-tiling/rewnifrev.yml                                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.61        1.60        None
array-tiling/rewnifrev2.yml                                                                                                                                      ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.49        1.72        None
array-tiling/rewrev.yml                                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.52        1.55        None
array-tiling/skipped.yml                                                                                                                                         ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.59        1.64        None
array-tiling/skippedu.yml                                                                                                                                        ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.67        1.71        None
array-tiling/tcpy.yml                                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.47        1.54        None
array-crafted/bAnd1.yml                                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.66        1.64        None
array-crafted/bAnd2.yml                                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.53        1.55        None
array-crafted/bAnd3.yml                                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.58        1.57        None
array-crafted/bAnd4.yml                                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.65        1.63        None
array-crafted/bAnd5.yml                                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.71        1.65        None
array-crafted/bor1.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.50        1.73        None
array-crafted/bor2.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.62        1.61        None
array-crafted/bor3.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.50        1.52        None
array-crafted/bor4.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.61        1.60        None
array-crafted/bor5.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.63        1.61        None
array-crafted/xor1.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.55        1.56        None
array-crafted/xor2.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.69        1.66        None
array-crafted/xor3.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.68        1.62        None
array-crafted/xor4.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.67        1.62        None
array-crafted/xor5.yml                                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.64        1.60        None
array-multidimensional/add-2-n-u.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.82        2.06        None
array-multidimensional/add-3-n-u.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        5.22        2.17        None
array-multidimensional/copy-2-u.yml                                                                                                                              ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        5.24        2.19        None
array-multidimensional/copy-3-n-u.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.88        2.14        None
array-multidimensional/copy-partial-2-n-u.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        5.83        2.18        None
array-multidimensional/diff-2-n-u.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.89        2.10        None
array-multidimensional/diff-3-n-u.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.91        2.16        None
array-multidimensional/init-2-n-u.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.79        2.10        None
array-multidimensional/init-3-u.yml                                                                                                                              ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.93        2.14        None
array-multidimensional/init-4-n-u.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.89        2.13        None
array-multidimensional/init-non-constant-2-n-u.yml                                                                                                               ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        5.90        2.26        None
array-multidimensional/init-non-constant-3-u.yml                                                                                                                 ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        5.02        2.22        None
array-multidimensional/max-2-u.yml                                                                                                                               ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.90        2.18        None
array-multidimensional/max-3-n-u.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.92        2.13        None
array-multidimensional/min-2-u.yml                                                                                                                               ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.89        2.08        None
array-multidimensional/min-3-n-u.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.95        2.14        None
array-multidimensional/rev-2-n-u.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.84        2.08        None
array-multidimensional/rev-3-u.yml                                                                                                                               ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        4.84        2.05        None
array-cav19/array_init_nondet_vars.yml                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.59        1.58        None
array-lopstr16/base_case.yml                                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.68        1.63        None
array-lopstr16/break-1.yml                                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.60        1.58        None
array-lopstr16/break-2.yml                                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.62        1.59        None
array-lopstr16/flag_loopdep.yml                                                                                                                                  ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.63        1.63        None
array-lopstr16/flag_loopdep_simple.yml                                                                                                                           ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.80        1.67        None
array-lopstr16/partial_lesser_bound-1.yml                                                                                                                        ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.63        1.59        None
array-lopstr16/partial_lesser_bound.yml                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.55        1.60        None
array-lopstr16/single_elem_safe.yml                                                                                                                              ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.55        1.57        None
array-fpi/condn.yml                                                                                                                                              ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.58        1.57        None
array-fpi/condnf.yml                                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        3.53        1.57        None
array-memsafety/add_last-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.04        1.72        None
array-memsafety/array03-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.02        1.70        None
array-memsafety/bubblesort-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.10        1.77        None
array-memsafety/cstrcat-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.15        1.78        None
array-memsafety/cstrchr-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.24        1.85        None
array-memsafety/cstrcmp-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.08        1.70        None
array-memsafety/cstrcpy-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.22        1.80        None
array-memsafety/cstrcspn-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.26        1.80        None
array-memsafety/cstrlen-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.18        1.77        None
array-memsafety/cstrncmp-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.27        1.80        None
array-memsafety/cstrpbrk-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                            ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.06        1.70        None
array-memsafety/cstrspn-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                             ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.28        1.84        None
array-memsafety/insertionsort-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                       ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.03        1.69        None
array-memsafety/java_BubbleSort-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.05        1.71        None
array-memsafety/mult_array-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                          ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.12        1.77        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cmemchr-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.24        1.84        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cmemrchr-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.20        1.81        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstpcpy-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.03        1.74        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstpncpy-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        5.17        1.92        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstrcat-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.13        1.75        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstrcmp-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.12        1.74        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstrcpy-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.03        1.72        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstrcspn-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.29        1.83        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstrlen-alloca-1.yml                                                                                                                     ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.17        1.78        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstrncat-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.28        1.84        None
array-memsafety/openbsd_cstrncmp-alloca-2.yml                                                                                                                    ERROR (generic error, before parsing finished)        4.17        1.75        None
