   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    xml/theta.xml
name:                    theta.2
run sets:                SV-COMP25_unreach-call.ReachSafety-Recursive
date:                    Tue, 2025-10-21 15:31:45 UTC
tool:                    Theta 6.19.3
tool executable:         ./Thorn/theta-start.sh
options:                 --svcomp --portfolio HORN --loglevel RESULT
resource limits:
- time:                  600 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    runnervmwhb2z
os:                      Linux-6.11.0-1018-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         3223.676 MHz
ram:                     16772.579328 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP25_unreach-call.ReachSafety-Recursive
Run set 1 of 6 with options '--svcomp --portfolio HORN --loglevel RESULT' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                              status                       cpu time   wall time        host
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
recursive/Ackermann01-2.yml                                                            ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.23        0.87        None
recursive/Ackermann02.yml                                                              ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.23        0.88        None
recursive/Ackermann03.yml                                                              ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.31        0.90        None
recursive/Ackermann04.yml                                                              ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.88        None
recursive/Addition01-2.yml                                                             ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.86        None
recursive/Addition02.yml                                                               ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.26        0.86        None
recursive/Addition03-1.yml                                                             ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.88        None
recursive/BallRajamani-SPIN2000-Fig1.yml                                               ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.20        0.85        None
recursive/EvenOdd01-1.yml                                                              ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.34        0.88        None
recursive/EvenOdd03.yml                                                                ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.31        0.88        None
recursive/Fibonacci01-1.yml                                                            ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.23        0.88        None
recursive/Fibonacci02.yml                                                              ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.11        0.86        None
recursive/Fibonacci03.yml                                                              ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.12        0.85        None
recursive/Fibonacci04.yml                                                              ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.22        0.86        None
recursive/Fibonacci05.yml                                                              ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.18        0.86        None
recursive/McCarthy91-1.yml                                                             ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.85        None
recursive/McCarthy91-2.yml                                                             ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.22        0.85        None
recursive/MultCommutative-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.28        0.89        None
recursive/Primes.yml                                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.53        0.95        None
recursive/gcd01-1.yml                                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.26        0.89        None
recursive/gcd02.yml                                                                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.46        0.91        None
recursive/recHanoi01.yml                                                               ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.34        0.91        None
recursive/recHanoi02-2.yml                                                             ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.25        0.87        None
recursive/recHanoi03-2.yml                                                             ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.85        None
recursive-simple/afterrec-1.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.11        0.84        None
recursive-simple/afterrec-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.12        0.86        None
recursive-simple/afterrec_2calls-1.yml                                                 ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.87        None
recursive-simple/afterrec_2calls-2.yml                                                 ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.20        0.85        None
recursive-simple/fibo_10-1.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.30        0.87        None
recursive-simple/fibo_10-2.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.14        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_15-1.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.26        0.88        None
recursive-simple/fibo_15-2.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.28        0.87        None
recursive-simple/fibo_20-1.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_20-2.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_25-1.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_25-2.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.87        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_10-1.yml                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.25        0.88        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_10-2.yml                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.31        0.88        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_15-1.yml                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.25        0.88        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_15-2.yml                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.24        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_2-1.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.28        0.88        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_2-2.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.22        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_20-1.yml                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.26        0.87        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_20-2.yml                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.29        0.91        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_25-1.yml                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.20        0.85        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_25-2.yml                                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.25        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_4-1.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.27        0.88        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_4-2.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.22        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_5-1.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.20        0.85        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_5-2.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.28        0.87        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_6-1.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.27        0.90        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_6-2.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.26        0.87        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_8-1.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.28        0.88        None
recursive-simple/fibo_2calls_8-2.yml                                                   ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.27        0.86        None
recursive-simple/fibo_5-1.yml                                                          ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.20        0.88        None
recursive-simple/fibo_5-2.yml                                                          ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.16        0.87        None
recursive-simple/fibo_7-1.yml                                                          ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.08        0.81        None
recursive-simple/fibo_7-2.yml                                                          ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.11        0.85        None
recursive-simple/id2_b2_o3.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.32        0.89        None
recursive-simple/id2_b3_o2.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.34        0.88        None
recursive-simple/id2_b3_o5.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.22        0.86        None
recursive-simple/id2_b5_o10.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.27        0.89        None
recursive-simple/id2_i5_o5-1.yml                                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.14        0.85        None
recursive-simple/id2_i5_o5-2.yml                                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.88        None
recursive-simple/id_b2_o3.yml                                                          ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.88        None
recursive-simple/id_b3_o2-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.13        0.86        None
recursive-simple/id_b3_o5-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.18        0.88        None
recursive-simple/id_b5_o10-2.yml                                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.15        0.86        None
recursive-simple/id_i10_o10-1.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.13        0.83        None
recursive-simple/id_i10_o10-2.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.16        0.87        None
recursive-simple/id_i15_o15-1.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.21        0.84        None
recursive-simple/id_i15_o15-2.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.26        0.87        None
recursive-simple/id_i20_o20-1.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.25        0.86        None
recursive-simple/id_i20_o20-2.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.20        0.86        None
recursive-simple/id_i25_o25-1.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.12        0.85        None
recursive-simple/id_i25_o25-2.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.12        0.85        None
recursive-simple/id_i5_o5-1.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.11        0.84        None
recursive-simple/id_i5_o5-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.16        0.85        None
recursive-simple/id_o10.yml                                                            ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.87        None
recursive-simple/id_o100.yml                                                           ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.15        0.85        None
recursive-simple/id_o1000.yml                                                          ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.20        0.84        None
recursive-simple/id_o20.yml                                                            ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.22        0.85        None
recursive-simple/id_o200.yml                                                           ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.14        0.85        None
recursive-simple/id_o3.yml                                                             ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.24        0.87        None
recursive-simple/sum_10x0-1.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.18        0.84        None
recursive-simple/sum_10x0-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.87        None
recursive-simple/sum_15x0-1.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.15        0.88        None
recursive-simple/sum_15x0-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.24        0.88        None
recursive-simple/sum_20x0-1.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.23        0.87        None
recursive-simple/sum_20x0-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.30        0.88        None
recursive-simple/sum_25x0-1.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.85        None
recursive-simple/sum_25x0-2.yml                                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.23        0.86        None
recursive-simple/sum_2x3-1.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.24        0.87        None
recursive-simple/sum_2x3-2.yml                                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.28        0.87        None
recursive-simple/sum_non_eq-2.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.26        0.88        None
recursive-simple/sum_non_eq-3.yml                                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.86        None
recursive-with-pointer/simple-recursive.yml                                            ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.38        0.91        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_array_index_value_1-1.yml                  ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.92        0.75        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_array_index_value_1-2.yml                  ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.94        0.76        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_array_index_value_2.yml                    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.93        0.76        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_array_index_value_3.yml                    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.93        0.76        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_array_index_value_4.i.v+lhb-reducer.yml    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.90        0.76        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_array_index_value_4.i.v+nlh-reducer.yml    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.93        0.76        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_array_index_value_4.yml                    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        2.04        0.81        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_vardep_1.yml                               ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.48        0.93        None
recursified_loop-crafted/recursified_simple_vardep_2.yml                               ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.43        0.92        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_bin-suffix-5.yml                               ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.20        0.87        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_const.yml                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.32        0.92        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_eq1.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.42        0.91        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_eq2.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.42        0.92        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_even.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.17        0.86        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_linear-inequality-inv-a.yml                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.58        0.94        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_linear-inequality-inv-b.yml                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.49        0.93        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_mod4.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.87        None
recursified_loop-invariants/recursified_odd.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.19        0.87        None
recursified_loop-simple/recursified_deep-nested.yml                                    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        2.11        0.81        None
recursified_loop-simple/recursified_nested_1.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.27        0.88        None
recursified_loop-simple/recursified_nested_1b.yml                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.14        0.87        None
recursified_loop-simple/recursified_nested_2.yml                                       ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.88        0.74        None
recursified_loop-simple/recursified_nested_3.yml                                       ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.88        0.75        None
recursified_loop-simple/recursified_nested_4.yml                                       ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.98        0.76        None
recursified_loop-simple/recursified_nested_5.yml                                       ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        2.01        0.77        None
recursified_loop-simple/recursified_nested_6.yml                                       ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        1.98        0.77        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_bresenham-ll.yml                                  ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.87        1.06        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_cohencu-ll.yml                                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.93        1.03        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_cohendiv-ll.yml                                   ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        2.06        0.80        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_dijkstra-u.yml                                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        3.41        1.19        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_divbin.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.88        1.04        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_divbin2.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.74        1.03        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_egcd-ll.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.92        1.05        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_egcd2-ll.yml                                      ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        2.27        0.85        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_egcd3-ll.yml                                      ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        2.22        0.85        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_fermat1-ll.yml                                    ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        2.14        0.82        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_fermat2-ll.yml                                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.77        1.01        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_geo1-ll.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.64        0.96        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_geo1-u.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.73        1.01        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_geo2-ll.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.71        0.98        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_geo3-ll.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.80        1.03        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_hard-ll.yml                                       ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.84        1.03        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_hard-u.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.97        1.06        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_hard2.yml                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.84        1.04        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_knuth.yml                                         ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        3.48        1.19        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_lcm1.yml                                          ERROR (frontend failed, before parsing finished)        2.10        0.81        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_lcm2.yml                                          ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.72        0.99        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_mannadiv.yml                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.73        0.99        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_prod4br-ll.yml                                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.96        1.05        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_prodbin-ll.yml                                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.73        0.99        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_ps2-ll.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.51        0.93        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_ps3-ll.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.69        0.99        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_ps4-ll.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.73        1.01        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_ps5-ll.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.81        1.03        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_ps6-ll.yml                                        ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.97        1.06        None
recursified_nla-digbench/recursified_sqrt1-ll.yml                                      ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)        2.68        0.98        None
fuzzle-programs/01_fuzzle_30x30.yml                                                    ERROR (server error, after parsing finished)       47.63       34.68        None
fuzzle-programs/02_fuzzle_40x40.yml                                                    
fuzzle-programs/03_fuzzle_50x50.yml                                                    
fuzzle-programs/04_fuzzle_60x60.yml                                                    
fuzzle-programs/05_fuzzle_70x70.yml                                                    
fuzzle-programs/06_fuzzle_50x50_0-cycle.yml                                            
fuzzle-programs/07_fuzzle_50x50_25-cycle.yml                                           
fuzzle-programs/08_fuzzle_50x50_50-cycle.yml                                           
fuzzle-programs/09_fuzzle_50x50_75-cycle.yml                                           
fuzzle-programs/10_fuzzle_50x50_CVE-2016-4487.yml                                      
fuzzle-programs/11_fuzzle_50x50_CVE-2016-4489.yml                                      
fuzzle-programs/12_fuzzle_50x50_CVE-2016-4492.yml                                      
fuzzle-programs/13_fuzzle_50x50_CVE-2016-4493.yml                                      
fuzzle-programs/14_fuzzle_50x50_CVE-2016-6131.yml                                      
fuzzle-programs/15_fuzzle_50x50_equality-checks.yml                                    
verifythis/prefixsum_rec.yml                                                           
verifythis/tree_del_rec.yml                                                            
verifythis/tree_del_rec_incorrect.yml                                                  
verifythis/tree_max.yml                                                                
verifythis/tree_max_incorrect.yml                                                      
verifythis/elimination_max_rec.yml                                                     
verifythis/elimination_max_rec_onepoint.yml                                            
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                              done                           401.86      224.52           -

Statistics:            154 Files
  correct:               0
    correct true:        0
    correct false:       0
  incorrect:             0
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     0
  unknown:             154
  Score:                 0 (max: 256)
